about.markdown, before:

---
layout: single
title: About me
permalink: /about-me/
author_profile: true
categories: Others
---
# Ziqi Chen
*Last Update: 2025.3.5*

### Background
- **School**: The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Shenzhen
- **Major**: Computer Science and Engineering
- **Email**: <ziqichen1@link.cuhk.edu.cn>

### Research
- [Hexlaw Agent](https://hexlaw.hexai.tech) *2024.4-2024.12*
    - Worked as a research assistant of **Prof. Ruoyu, Sun**.
    - Utilized **Zilliz vector database** and **prompt engineering** to implement the framework for labour dispute agent.
- [TwinMarket](https://arxiv.org/abs/2502.01506) *2025.2-present*
    - Worked as a research assistant of **Prof. Benyou, Wang**.
    - Utilized **[CAMEL agent framework](https://github.com/camel-ai/camel)** and **prompt engineering** to experiement the scaling law of agents.

### Experience
- **USTF** (Undergraduate Student Teaching Fellows)
    - CSC1003: Introduction to Computer Science and Java
    - CSC1004: Computational Laboratory Using Java

### Projects
- Chrome Extension
    - [Time Guardian](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/time-guardian/nooddbcedmaojbhgebdcjdnkjbojjjeb): AI-powered customized time reminder
    - [History Analyst](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/history-analyst/jajeniihjddcaaohplihdjjokefpgaof): AI-powered extension that can analyze users' browsing history
    - [Minimal Site Blocker](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/minimal-site-blocker/mfofjdhlkoelfhjlhahbbpplaodabadk): A blocker that blocks distracting websites by categories
    - [Gemini News Brief](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/gemini-news-brief/hficggpiebfkkdcodpknjdhhlinieddk): AI-Powered entension that can summarize daily news for users by keywords
    - [Grok OCR](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/grok-ocr/hcflmjbogncfihbaeppgophciaahgald): Grok-powered OCR extension
- Obsidian Plugin
    - [Daily News Briefing](https://github.com/Ghost04718/Daily-News-Briefing): AI-powered daily news summarization plugin
- [GitHub Page](https://ghost04718.github.io/)
- [Personal Blog Website](https://adamchen.tech)
- [React App Kingdom Region](https://github.com/Ghost04718/Kingdom-Regin): AI-powered RPG word game
- Poe Bots
    - [Mikaramu](https://poe.com/Mikaramu): Murakami-style AI writer
    - [WG-Artist](https://poe.com/WG-Artist): WG AI Writer

Commit message:

Change Music panel to Artist panel in index, add email in _config, update about.md, fix gallery

about.markdown, after:

---
layout: single
title: About me
permalink: /about-me/
author_profile: true
categories: Others
---
# Ziqi Chen
*Last Update: 2025.5.3*

### Education Background
- **The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Shenzhen**
    - *2023.09 - Present*
    - **Major**: Computer Science and Engineering (GPA top 10%)
- **The Suzhou High School of Jiangsu Province**
    - *2020.09 - 2023.06*

### Research Projects
- [TwinMarket](https://arxiv.org/abs/2502.01506) *2025.2-present* **Research Assistant**
    - **Situation**: Participated in Professor Wang Benyou 's Agent Scaling Law project, simulating the stock market by using agents to model individual investors
    - **Task**: Optimized the RAG system by integrating [CAMEL agent framework](https://github.com/camel-ai/camel), FAISS vector database and prompt engineering and addressed the challenge of long-text vector retrieval in the agent's memory module
    - **Result**: Reduced token consumption by 5.1% and improved the accuracy of agent memory by 14.7%
- [Hexlaw Agent](https://hexlaw.hexai.tech) *2024.4-2024.12* **Research Assistant**
    - **Situation**: Participated in Professor Sun Ruoyu's legal large language model project, developing a legal intelligent agent to simulate lawyer consultations
    - **Task**: Designed the agent framework for legal disputes using the Zilliz vector database and prompt engineering and addressed potential hallucinations of the large model regarding specific laws and regulations
    - **Result**: Improved the accuracy of legal consultations by 19.4% and implemented a simulated legal consultation scenario

### Competitions & Rewards
- **ICM/MCM Honorable Mention** *2025.5*
- **GBA International Programming Contest First Prize** *2025.4*
- **Dean's List** *2024.9*

### Teaching Experience
- **USTF** (Undergraduate Student Teaching Fellows) 
    - CSC1003: Introduction to Computer Science and Java *2024.09 - 2024.12*
    - CSC1004: Computational Laboratory Using Java *2025.2 - 2025.05*

### Projects
- [Personal Blog Website](https://adamchen.tech)
- [Personal GitHub Page](https://ghost04718.github.io/)
- Chrome Extension
    - [Time Guardian](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/time-guardian/nooddbcedmaojbhgebdcjdnkjbojjjeb): AI-powered customized time reminder
    - [History Analyst](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/history-analyst/jajeniihjddcaaohplihdjjokefpgaof): AI-powered extension that can analyze users' browsing history
    - [Minimal Site Blocker](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/minimal-site-blocker/mfofjdhlkoelfhjlhahbbpplaodabadk): A blocker that blocks distracting websites by categories
    - [Gemini News Brief](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/gemini-news-brief/hficggpiebfkkdcodpknjdhhlinieddk): AI-Powered entension that can summarize daily news for users by keywords
    - [Grok OCR](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/grok-ocr/hcflmjbogncfihbaeppgophciaahgald): Grok-powered OCR extension
- Obsidian Plugin
    - [Daily News Briefing](https://github.com/Ghost04718/Daily-News-Briefing): AI-powered daily news summarization plugin
- Poe Bots
    - [Mikaramu](https://poe.com/Mikaramu): Murakami-style AI writer
    - [WG-Artist](https://poe.com/WG-Artist): WG AI Writer
