portfolio.markdown, before:

---
layout: single
title: "Portfolio"
permalink: /portfolio/
header:
  overlay_image: /images/wlop-Xiaolv-landscape.jpg
  caption: "Last Update: 2025.11.30"
excerpt: "Welcome to my portfolio. Enjoy my works!"
toc: true
toc_sticky: ture
---

## Research

### [GRPO-Designer](./)
Cost-efficient adaptive multi-agent topology generation by GRPO

{% include figure popup=true image_path="/images/grpo-designer.png" alt="GRPO-Designer" caption="GRPO-Designer Workflow" %}

---

## Obsidian Plugins

### [Daily News Briefing](https://github.com/ChenziqiAdam/Daily-News-Briefing)
Get AI-powered daily news summaries directly in your Obsidian vault. Stay informed about your topics of interest with smart, automated news collection and summarization.

{% include video id="nbbisoqsZDc" provider="youtube" %}

### [Synapse](https://github.com/ChenziqiAdam/Synapse)
Transform your learning from passive consumption to active knowledge building with local AI integration.

{% include video id="W-NgTHmh8RY" provider="youtube" %}

---

## Chrome Extensions

### [Page Distill](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/ai-page-summarizer/dljebhllfjmeidaafhdlidpdhdhkfgph)
A modern Chrome extension that leverages Chrome's built-in Summarizer API to intelligently summarize web pages. This extension works entirely on-device, ensuring your data stays private while providing powerful AI-powered content summarization.

{% include video id="_SP4KHIsvY4" provider="youtube" %}

### [Time Guardian](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/time-guardian/nooddbcedmaojbhgebdcjdnkjbojjjeb)
Time Guardian is a Chrome extension designed to help you manage your time effectively. It provides smart time reminders using the Gemini AI model, ensuring you stay on track with your tasks and avoid distractions.

![screenshot](/images/time-guardian.png)

{% include video id="MoMGoXhGNy8" provider="youtube" %}

---

## Others

### [TwinHospital](https://github.com/ChenziqiAdam/TwinHospital)
Digital twin simulator for hospital operations, designed to simulate the various processes and resource scheduling of a real hospital.

{% include video id="I3LzZKzMB1I" provider="youtube" %}

### Obsidian Homepage

![screenshot](/images/obsidian-homepage-dark.png)

Commit message:

Add daily muse to portfolio and update daily news breifing link

portfolio.markdown, after:

---
layout: single
title: "Portfolio"
permalink: /portfolio/
header:
  overlay_image: /images/wlop-Xiaolv-landscape.jpg
  caption: "Last Update: 2025.11.30"
excerpt: "Welcome to my portfolio. Enjoy my works!"
toc: true
toc_sticky: ture
---

## Research

### [GRPO-Designer](./)
Cost-efficient adaptive multi-agent topology generation by GRPO

{% include figure popup=true image_path="/images/grpo-designer.png" alt="GRPO-Designer" caption="GRPO-Designer Workflow" %}

---

## [Daily Muse](../Daily-Muse/)

Blend your mood, the weather, and a touch of luck to generate meaningful art and literature. A moment of pause in a busy world. 

{% include figure popup=true image_path="/images/daily-muse.png" alt="Daily Muse" caption="Daily Muse" %}

## Obsidian Plugins

### [Daily News Briefing](https://www.obsidianstats.com/plugins/daily-news-briefing)
Get AI-powered daily news summaries directly in your Obsidian vault. Stay informed about your topics of interest with smart, automated news collection and summarization.

{% include video id="nbbisoqsZDc" provider="youtube" %}

### [Synapse](https://github.com/ChenziqiAdam/Synapse)
Transform your learning from passive consumption to active knowledge building with local AI integration.

{% include video id="W-NgTHmh8RY" provider="youtube" %}

---

## Chrome Extensions

### [Page Distill](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/ai-page-summarizer/dljebhllfjmeidaafhdlidpdhdhkfgph)
A modern Chrome extension that leverages Chrome's built-in Summarizer API to intelligently summarize web pages. This extension works entirely on-device, ensuring your data stays private while providing powerful AI-powered content summarization.

{% include video id="_SP4KHIsvY4" provider="youtube" %}

### [Time Guardian](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/time-guardian/nooddbcedmaojbhgebdcjdnkjbojjjeb)
Time Guardian is a Chrome extension designed to help you manage your time effectively. It provides smart time reminders using the Gemini AI model, ensuring you stay on track with your tasks and avoid distractions.

![screenshot](/images/time-guardian.png)

{% include video id="MoMGoXhGNy8" provider="youtube" %}

---

## Others

### [TwinHospital](https://github.com/ChenziqiAdam/TwinHospital)
Digital twin simulator for hospital operations, designed to simulate the various processes and resource scheduling of a real hospital.

{% include video id="I3LzZKzMB1I" provider="youtube" %}

### Obsidian Homepage

![screenshot](/images/obsidian-homepage-dark.png)
