---
layout: single
title:  "Five Tips for Openclaw"
date:   2026-02-25 16:19:11 +0800
categories:
  - CS
  - Skills
tags:
  - OpenClaw
---
### Five Tips for taking full advantage of Openclaw
[OpenClaw](https://openclaw.ai/) is a real gamechanger for AI assistants. It turns AI into a real personal assistant, much closer to a Bene Gesserit or Mentat in Dune.

#### 1. Start with a new machine.
OpenClaw has high control of the computer, i.e. the root permission. Do not run it on your main computer, which will be a disaster.

#### 2. Choose a wise model.
I tested with MiniMax 2.5, Gemini 2.5 Pro, GLM 4.7 and Kimi 2.5, and I found the last one works best, both in performance and cost. To be frank, I think MiniMax and GLM only works well on the benchmarks.

#### 3. Telegram is the perfect channel.
With the builtin bot functions in Telegram, you can experience the most powerful version of OpenClaw with commands and settings. Telegram also supports OpenClaw in group chats, which is great for multi agents collaboration.

#### 4. Let OpenClaw do it himself.
After you setup OpenClaw, if you encounter any issues, just paste and sent it to OpenClaw. Let he fix himself. Afterall, he has the root permission.

#### 5. Assign OpenClaw a GitHub repository.
You can ask OpenClaw to build his personal website to reflect his journey, which is more easy for memory visulization and management. Note that the assigned key must only has the selected permissions.

Now, leverage OpenClaw yourself! Meet my Kage [here](https://chenziqiadam.github.io/Kage/).